And now we're going to start
working with our pression.
Here we have that greeting structure and
the greeting structure is
actually in the same file.
Can we put that in a separate file?
Yes, we can.
And typically we are gonna do
that not in every situation, but
on a lot of situations.
So now what we're gonna do is one,
be like greeting that it's
going to be called offer.
Okay, let me see if I have it here.
It's gonna represent from
our app these screens.
So this is an offer,
this is another offer.
Okay, so we're going to
render that piece of content.
So to do that, I don't need this
structure I can keep that comment.
Otherwise give me an error because
you need something in the body.
It can be empty.
There is a view called empty view
that renders nothing, just for
this purpose just for saying, okay,
I don't have it not right now.
So if you don't want to see an error,
you can use empty view saying it's
like an empty div in HTML, okay?
Something like that.
So we don't have an error,
why we are writing the rest of the code,
that I if I resume I'm going
to say nothing on the screen.
So how to create a new view.
Right click in the project,
new file or file new file that simple.
Here we have two options,
we can use swift file, a new swift file.
But typically we want the Swift UI view.
So there is a section for user interface
and within there we have swift UI view.
That's just greater template.
Okay, it's not a big deal.
I mean if you don't have
it you can do it manually.
So I'm going to select a swift UI view.
And I'm going to call this offer.
You have these steps also
in the companion website.
So here you can see that we have an
structure offer with a color war similar
to what we had before and also we
have an a structure for the preview.
So what's the deal here that
by default is paused we can
always resume this and
see the hello world.
So now each file has its own preview.
So we can preview the whole app or
shaft on a small piece of it.
And the idea is because we are going
to create reusable components,
we can be surely test and
preview each component individually.
And now we will get deeper with that.
So the offer will have two properties,
a title that is gonna be a string so
we're gonna start with empty string and
description.
Remember that you can set
the type explicitly are not up to
you because I'm setting
a default value in jazz works.
So and they will have two text,
one showing the title and
the other one with a description.
Let's start with that.
But as we know, we cannot create two
text if we don't have a container.
Okay, so we always need a container here.
If we wanna render this,
remember what we are trying to achieve.
One takes on the other text.
So we can just create a B stack,
a vertical stack.
So I can add it manually.
I can drag it from here, B stack.
I'm sorry, I'm in modifiers here.
They stack.
Blasi are not neither need lazy.
I can drag it there or
there it's just the same or
you can probably faster to write it but
it's up to you.
Which version do you want.
So I have a text with a title and
a text with a description.
And this is the part where we are going
to start digging into the preview,
this preview provider that we have here.
So, I'm going to resume the preview.
And one of the problems that I
have is that I don't see anything.
Do you know why?
Why it's empty?
Because it's rings are empty.
Yeah, so the idea is that I wanan
modify the strings from the outside,
the tittle and the description.
Well actually the preview is code.
It's actually this code.
It's actually another view.
We define the preview on how do we
wanna preview this in this second
structure that we have here.
And here we have an offer,
the offer because
it's under structure has an initializer so
I can set its title and
its description from here.
So this is my offer and
this is a description.
So I can actually set my preview however
I want directly in the other structure so
we save the information
from previous here.
Also talking about previews, let's discuss
a minute about the properties
that we have here.
So for example if we start with the cycle
well we know that this play button
makes the preview interactive, okay?
The second one it's actually connected
with human error here to a real life and
so I can actually preview this on my real
iPhone which is actually pretty cool.
And you don't see the whole app,
just the current view on your real iPhone.
That's the second icon if
you don't have the icon or
if it's disabled is because you don't
have an iPhone connected or an iPad.
Then we have,
we can see these in landscape.
So we are changing the orientation
apart look at this If I'm changing
the orientation in the preview,
what is changing is the code.
It's actually a modifier.
Also we have now this little icon here
that lets me pick a lot of options.
For example,
what if I see this in dark mode?
I can see how my view
looks like in dark mode.
And what if I wanna see both dark mode and
light mode.
But before doing that,
we are seeing here a big iPhone,
but our view will not be fullscreen.
We have smaller like a piece of content,
okay?
So that's why if using the same icon,
this one,
I can set up the preview, the device
that you wanna see or the layout.
So I can instead of using
the device I can use fixed.
So I can say here that
they want these layouts
to be 300 points, 300 by 200.
Any number, okay?
And this is actually changing
the properties here.
I mean decrease the font
size a little bit.
So you can play with this, yeah no,
300 no, 350, okay you got it.
So now my preview is on that size.
And I think you gonna like this, because
this is pretty useful for testing as well.
We are kind of creating UI test case
using the last icon that we have there.
We can duplicate this and
now we have two previews of the same view.
Now we have a group with two offers.
And yeah this one can be a smaller or
we can see okay,
how it looks like in 400 or how it looked
in light mode instead of dark mode.
And I can have as many previous as I
want to express different situations,
so I can see how my view will look
like in different situations,
different screen sizes, or
different container sizes.
And there are more properties
that you can change.
You can change language, for
example if you have a localized
application in different languages,
you can actually see how it looks like
in Portuguese, in Polish, in Russian.
And you can see that directly
in the premium, okay?
And also you can duplicate the whole
structure and have more previous
even more people with different names and
you could change the name.
And now I have like sections,
every preview has a section title.
And technically I don't even
need to preview the same offer,
I can preview any view.
So you can actually pick the ones
that you wanna preview in this file.
Do you have any question?
>> How are the strux that we're defining
in offer imported to content view
>> Let me see.
They are not.
In fact right now if I run
the app in the real simulator,
well let me first remove
the second preview.
I'm not going to see
my offer because yeah,
we can preview the offer.
But yeah, you're right.
I'm not seeing that here.
But if I change that, I can add an offer.
And I can add a title and a description.
Okay, let's say offer 1, description 1.
So now if I received a preview of
the whole app, I see the offer inside.
And do I need to import offer?
Nope.
No everything is public.
So it's an another file
in the same project,
you can just use it which means
you also need very careful
with naming because you
may have name collision.
Okay so be careful with that.
Any question?
>> I like the multiple previews.
>> You like multiple previews.
>> It is pretty awesome.
>> Yep, I think it is.
If we go back to the content
view that is like our main,
I can also duplicate here the preview.
I have interactive mode,
I need to stop the interactive
mode to actually duplicate this.
So I have now two content views.
And I can select here that
I wanna change the phone.
So I wanna see for example how it
looks like on iPhone SE that has
a smaller screen and
it doesn't contain a notch.
So now it's the first time it takes
some time when you change your device
because it's opening
a simulator on that device.
Okay so now it will run to
simulators under the and
now you see the same app in
two different phones just
by creating this group of
content views with a modifier.
So previews are also written
in Swift structures, but
important they are implementing
a different protocol.
They are not conforming to view but
to preview provider.
And that means they are not
going to ship with your code.
So they're not going to be
compiled with your code.
It's only for the development version.
Well, now we need to play a little bit
with the offer, adding some modifiers.
For example we can add a padding.
When you say dot padding you're
applying padding a default padding
that is defined by the OS but
also as I mentioned before you can
express your own padding in points.
And also you can express only the top
padding and what if you want top and
bottom, well you can apply another
padding, another modifier for
bottom with a different value.
Remember you can apply the same modifier
more than once with different values or
even with with the same value,
it doesn't make any sense.
But if you want double,
double default padding,
you just apply double padding top and
you have double default padding.
It works, okay?
By the way it's top bottom and
not frightened left.
It's leading and trailing.
You know why,
not right on left leading and trailing.
This is for better localization.
In languages that are right to left,
the Hebrew or Arabic.
Then leaving is the opposite place.
So you will use leading and
trailing here, not right and left.
Okay, so
I'm going to apply just the default value.
I think it's fine on both text.
So then font, changing the font size.
We have a couple of fonts
available if you just hit dot,
body, title, caption, footnote.
We have a couple of H1,
H2, something like that.
The font size that if you can use them,
it's better.
Why?
Because this will also honor what is
defined by the user inaccessibility.
There were some users are increasing
the font size by default,
so this will honor users decision.
If you use a fixed number,
it will be a fixed number.
So you're not honoring this and
by the way you can create another copy and
this one you can also
change dynamic type and
you say that the user wants large font or
large font.
So you will see that this
one is a little bit larger.
I'm not sure if you can actually see that.
If not, we can actually make it
even larger, extra, extra large.
So you can see everything is bigger.
But if you're just finding a font size,
that's like a specific number,
it's not gonna work.
You will see the same thing.
Okay, so
maybe I'm not going to focus right now on,
we will see how to do that anyway.
But I don't wanna start focusing
right now on dark mode.
So I'm going to delete the other
two previews, that was just for
you to understand what's going on.
And before moving on,
I'm going to connect these to GitHub.
So I'm going to here repositories and
go into you don't need to do this.
This is because I'm going to
publish this to my GitHub account.
I'm going to create a new remote.
No, existing remote, no,
I wanna create a new remote
on my GitHub account that I
have already set up under xCO.
And let me see the name that I use for
the repository so you will get it.
This one coffee masters
dash iOS going to use
that repository name public so
you can get it.
And now from source control I can commit.
So this is our first commit.
Like so when else I can push
to remote at the same time.
It's a push and it's commit and push.
So now that repository will have some
content and I will be pushing data there.
So let's see if it works.
Yep, so you have my code
there in case you need it.